one of the ways to identify SWAT strengths, weapon of strengths, weaknesses,
opportunities, threats for your team, in this case, strengths.
Weaknesses is to want understand the duties and responsibilities.
So welcome up. Understand? What is this man a woman charged with then
religion to is gonna stand a watch? Well, if this person is responsible
for the boil water feed water chemistry off the evaporator CZ
on the or the water feed water chemistry to provide the Allroad distillers
and the person has no clue has been to school. That's probably
a good idea that this team member isn't accountable. It doesn't know
what to do. But it's your team. You're in charge, so that's what
it comes down to. You need Thio. Look, look at the strengths. Weaknesses.
Beat your team, messes and make sure talking with you. Chief petty
officers or your division officers felt there's monsters. This
is how a 10 to have my team stand, watch and then go and stand the watch
with them and evaluate. Are they